#What is it?
This classes help you out to load external XHR-Fixtures with jquery, qunit with sinon.
It includes internal logics to validate requests or responses, for your tests.
It's also possible to autogenerate some tests, or run the tests against a rest-api.

#Features
* Load external .json-fixtures for qunit - sinon
* includes a validation-logic for http response and request objects
* response and request can be used independently
* autogenerated tests are possible

#Usage

At first you need to define some external XHR-Fixtures. This is done by adding
a File within your fixture directory. A very Basic Example looks like this:

	[
		{
			"simple fixture": { 
				"__valid_response": {
					"status": 200,
					"headers": {
						"Content-type": {
							"type": "RegExp",
							"pattern": "json",
							"modifiers": "gim"
						}
					},
					"payload": {
						"session": {
							"type": "RegExp",
							"pattern": "\\w+"
						}
					}
				},
				"__valid_request": {
					"method": "GET"
				},
				"request": {
					"method": "GET",
					"path": "/",
					"headers": {
						"Host": "www.myhost.com"
					},
					"payload": ""

				},
				"response":  {
					"status": 200,
					"headers": {
						"Content-Type": "application/json"
					},
					"Payload": "{\"session\": \"3adfjo2i3isakal2\", \"random\": \"3lasklj303829283wkj3\"}"
				}
			}
	]

The library loads the JSON String. When you look at the Response-"Payload" in the example, you will recognize
that it contains a JSON-String. The library recognize this also. So if you want to validate the JSON-Object it
self you can define a structured validation object for that also. To get a basic understanding of what the library
does, look at this simple example:

	var fix = xhrfixtures();
	fix.loadFixtures(["./test/fixtures/simple.json"], function (err, results) {
		var fixture = fix.getFixtures()["simple real live fixture"]; //first one 
		
		//validate by integrated validation
		fixture.validateResponse();
		
		//validate by given spec
		fixture.validateRequest({method: "GET", headers: {"Host": /myhost/}}); 
		
		//validate by given spec, but expect to test to fail
		fixture.validateRequest({method: "GET", headers: {"Host": /myhost/}}, true);
	});  

The validation object has the structure of the corresponding request/response-object. There for
you could use regular expressions to validate the object to test. If you pass an object in the validation,
where the corresponding test object defines a string, the library tries to parse the string as a json object
and goes on with validation.

String to test:

	"Payload": "{\"session\": \"3adfjo2i3isakal2\", \"random\": \"3lasklj303829283wkj3\"}"

and the corresponding validation object could look like this:

	"payload": {
		"session": {
			"type": "RegExp",
			"pattern": "\\w+"
		}
	}

which takes care, that the session-parameter is defined and contains any word-character.
The "fix.loadFixtures" - Method loads the JSON File into an array of "xhrfixture"-Objects.
You could use these fixtures to test a rest-api by firing the requests and save the response
back to the fixture and then validate this. So its possible to fire a bunch of tests,
where as the tests are nearly autogenerated.

The code could look like this

	fix.loadFixtures(["./test/fixtures/myfixtures.json"], function (err, results) {
		var fixtures = fix.getFixtures(); //first one 
	
		while (fixture = fixtures.shift()) {
			//Fire requests and get response
			...
			//create the response-Object
			...
			//set the response object
			fixture.setResponse(myResponseObj);
			fixture.validateResponse();
		}
	});
	
i hope that helps. may be there are some jquery-helpers later on for that. Just
check out the test directory to more examples.

#Dependencies

##JQuery
That library uses jquery which is licensed under: 

	Copyright 2011, John Resig
	Dual licensed under the MIT or GPL Version 2 licenses.
	http://jquery.org/license

	Includes Sizzle.js
	http://sizzlejs.com/
	Copyright 2011, The Dojo Foundation
	Released under the MIT, BSD, and GPL Licenses.

##QUnit
A JavaScript Unit Testing Framework

	http://docs.jquery.com/QUnit

	Copyright (c) 2011 John Resig, Jörn Zaefferer
	Dual licensed under the MIT (MIT-LICENSE.txt)
	or GPL (GPL-LICENSE.txt) licenses.

##slide
Also the library take advantage of a little script, known from the
node.js community with a little correction by myself called "slide".
You can find it on Github: https://github.com/isaacs/slide-flow-control

##sinonjs
You could use xhrfixtures with that cool library by Christian Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no)
It is licensed under the BSD License. You can find it at github und https://github.com/cjohansen/Sinon.JS

#License
(The BSD License)

Copyright (c) 2011, Mario Scheliga, mario@sourcegarden.com
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of Mario Scheliga nor the names of his contributors
  may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
  without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.